then the Lord said to me even if Moses
then the Lord said to me even if Moses and Samuel stood before me my mind would
and Samuel stood before me my mind would
and Samuel stood before me my mind would not be favorable toward this people cast
not be favorable toward this people cast
not be favorable toward this people cast them out of my sight and let them go
them out of my sight and let them go
them out of my sight and let them go forth and it shall be if they say to you
forth and it shall be if they say to you
forth and it shall be if they say to you where should we go
where should we go
where should we go then you shall tell them thus says the
then you shall tell them thus says the
then you shall tell them thus says the Lord such as are for death to death and
Lord such as are for death to death and
Lord such as are for death to death and such as offer the sword to the sword and
such as offer the sword to the sword and
such as offer the sword to the sword and such as are for the famine to the famine
such as are for the famine to the famine
such as are for the famine to the famine and such as are for the captivity to the
and such as are for the captivity to the
and such as are for the captivity to the captivity and I will appoint over them
captivity and I will appoint over them
captivity and I will appoint over them four forms of destruction the sword to
four forms of destruction the sword to
four forms of destruction the sword to slay the dogs to drag the birds of the
slay the dogs to drag the birds of the
slay the dogs to drag the birds of the heavens and the beasts of the earth to
heavens and the beasts of the earth to
heavens and the beasts of the earth to devour and destroy I will hand them over
devour and destroy I will hand them over
devour and destroy I will hand them over to trouble to all kingdoms of the earth
to trouble to all kingdoms of the earth
to trouble to all kingdoms of the earth because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah
because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah
because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah king of Judah for what he did in
king of Judah for what he did in
king of Judah for what he did in Jerusalem for who will have pity on you
Jerusalem for who will have pity on you
Jerusalem for who will have pity on you O Jerusalem or who will bemoan you or
O Jerusalem or who will bemoan you or
O Jerusalem or who will bemoan you or who will turn aside to ask how you are
who will turn aside to ask how you are
who will turn aside to ask how you are doing you have forsaken me
doing you have forsaken me
doing you have forsaken me you have gone backward therefore I will
you have gone backward therefore I will
you have gone backward therefore I will stretch out my hand against you and
stretch out my hand against you and
stretch out my hand against you and destroy you
destroy you
destroy you I am weary of relented and I will win o
I am weary of relented and I will win o
I am weary of relented and I will win o them with a winnowing fan in the gates
them with a winnowing fan in the gates
them with a winnowing fan in the gates of the land I will bereaved them of
of the land I will bereaved them of
of the land I will bereaved them of children I will destroy my people since
children I will destroy my people since
children I will destroy my people since they do not return from their ways their
they do not return from their ways their
they do not return from their ways their widows will be increased to me more than
widows will be increased to me more than
widows will be increased to me more than the sand of the Seas I will bring
the sand of the Seas I will bring
the sand of the Seas I will bring against them a
against them a
against them a against the mother of the young men a
against the mother of the young men a
against the mother of the young men a plunderer at noonday
plunderer at noonday
plunderer at noonday I will cause anguish and terror to fall
I will cause anguish and terror to fall
I will cause anguish and terror to fall on them suddenly she languishes who has
on them suddenly she languishes who has
on them suddenly she languishes who has born seven she has breathed her last her
born seven she has breathed her last her
born seven she has breathed her last her son has gone down while it was yet day
son has gone down while it was yet day
son has gone down while it was yet day she has been ashamed and confounded and
she has been ashamed and confounded and
she has been ashamed and confounded and the remnant of them I will deliver to
the remnant of them I will deliver to
the remnant of them I will deliver to the sword before their enemy says the
the sword before their enemy says the
the sword before their enemy says the Lord woe is me my mother that you had
Lord woe is me my mother that you had
Lord woe is me my mother that you had borne me a man of strife and a man of
borne me a man of strife and a man of
borne me a man of strife and a man of contention to the whole earth I have
contention to the whole earth I have
contention to the whole earth I have neither lent for interest nor had men
neither lent for interest nor had men
neither lent for interest nor had men lent to me for interest every one of
lent to me for interest every one of
lent to me for interest every one of them curses me
them curses me
them curses me the Lord said surely it will be well
the Lord said surely it will be well
the Lord said surely it will be well with your remnant surely I will cause
with your remnant surely I will cause
with your remnant surely I will cause the enemy to intercede with you in the
the enemy to intercede with you in the
the enemy to intercede with you in the time of adversity and in the time of
time of adversity and in the time of
time of adversity and in the time of affliction can anyone break eye on the
affliction can anyone break eye on the
affliction can anyone break eye on the northern island and the bronze your
northern island and the bronze your
northern island and the bronze your wealth and your treasures I will give as
wealth and your treasures I will give as
wealth and your treasures I will give as plunder without price because of all
plunder without price because of all
plunder without price because of all your sins throughout your territories
your sins throughout your territories
your sins throughout your territories and I will make you cross over with your
and I will make you cross over with your
and I will make you cross over with your enemies into a land which you do not
enemies into a land which you do not
enemies into a land which you do not know for a fire is kindled in my anger
know for a fire is kindled in my anger
know for a fire is kindled in my anger which shall burn upon you
which shall burn upon you
which shall burn upon you Oh Lord you know remember me and visit
Oh Lord you know remember me and visit
Oh Lord you know remember me and visit me and take vengeance for me on my
me and take vengeance for me on my
me and take vengeance for me on my persecutors in your enduring patience do
persecutors in your enduring patience do
persecutors in your enduring patience do not take me away know that for your sake
not take me away know that for your sake
not take me away know that for your sake I have suffered rebuke your words were
I have suffered rebuke your words were
I have suffered rebuke your words were found and I ate them and your word was
found and I ate them and your word was
found and I ate them and your word was to me the joy and rejoicing of my heart
to me the joy and rejoicing of my heart
to me the joy and rejoicing of my heart for I am called by your name
for I am called by your name
for I am called by your name Oh Lord God of hosts I did not sit in
Oh Lord God of hosts I did not sit in
Oh Lord God of hosts I did not sit in the Assembly of the mockers nor did I
the Assembly of the mockers nor did I
the Assembly of the mockers nor did I rejoice I sat alone because of your hand
rejoice I sat alone because of your hand
rejoice I sat alone because of your hand for you have filled me with indignation
for you have filled me with indignation
for you have filled me with indignation why is my pain perpetual and my wound
why is my pain perpetual and my wound
why is my pain perpetual and my wound incurable which refuses to be healed
incurable which refuses to be healed
incurable which refuses to be healed will you surely be to me like an
will you surely be to me like an
will you surely be to me like an unreliable stream as waters that fail
unreliable stream as waters that fail
unreliable stream as waters that fail thus says the Lord
thus says the Lord
thus says the Lord if you return then I will bring you back
if you return then I will bring you back
if you return then I will bring you back you shall stand before me if you take
you shall stand before me if you take
you shall stand before me if you take out the precious from the vial you shall
out the precious from the vial you shall
out the precious from the vial you shall be as my mouth let them return to you
be as my mouth let them return to you
be as my mouth let them return to you but you must not return to them and I
but you must not return to them and I
but you must not return to them and I will make you to this people a fortified
will make you to this people a fortified
will make you to this people a fortified bronze wall and they will fight against
bronze wall and they will fight against
bronze wall and they will fight against you but they shall not prevail against
you but they shall not prevail against
you but they shall not prevail against you for I am with you to save you and
you for I am with you to save you and
you for I am with you to save you and deliver you
deliver you
deliver you I will deliver you from the hand of the
I will deliver you from the hand of the
I will deliver you from the hand of the wicked and I will redeem you from the
wicked and I will redeem you from the
wicked and I will redeem you from the grip of the terrible